Composite row (#1190)
cozy/cozy-ui: react/CompositeRow/Readme.md

  />
))

const ChipImage = React.memo(({ src }) => (
  <img className='u-mr-half' src={src} height='50%' />
))

const compositeStyle = {
  boxShadow: '0 0 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',
  boxSizing: 'border-box', 
}

const CompositeRight = () => (
  <Img>
    <Bold>12,15€</Bold>
  </Img>
)

const CompositeImage = () => (
  <Circle backgroundColor='var(--melon)'>
    <Icon icon='wallet' />
  </Circle>
)

const CompositeChips = () => (
  <>
    <Chip>
      <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
    </Chip>
    <Chip>
      <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
    </Chip>
  </>
)

initialState.variants = [
  { chips: true, secondaryText: true, dots: true, icon: true },
  { chips: false, secondaryText: true, icon: true, dots: true },
  { shrinked: true, chips: false, secondaryText: false, dots: false, icon: true },
  { chips: false, secondaryText: false, dots: false, icon: false },
  { shrinked: true, chips: false, secondaryText: false, dots: false, icon: false }
];

const onChangeVariant = (updatedVariant, i) => {
  const newVariants = [
    ...state.variants.slice(0, i),
    updatedVariant,
    ...state.variants.slice(i + 1)
  ]
  setState({ variants: newVariants })

> };

Reviewer: Not blocking, but I wonder if having only one interactive example wouldn't be better then a series of variants that are all just different default options. As a dev I think I'd rather have ust one example to play with, but curious to see what others think.

Author: OK for one interactive example to play with, I was mainly worried about getting various examples into screenshots, and it was also easier when  developing to see all possible variants in one shot.

- For testing, it is possible to check `isTesting()` so we can show all variants in one go
- For developing, I think we should have a way to quickly toggle all variants (by modifyying the source code)

What I suggest is another `<Variants />` helper that can show either the first variant or either all variants depending on a prop.

Author: For information, I just saw that https://material-ui.com/components/lists/#interactive is showing 4 examples at once. Do you have any preference @drazik, @Crash-- ?

Reviewer 2: Personally, the more exemples I can have, the more exemples I take. It helps me to really think about what variante I should use instead of having to test them before

Reviewer 3: I also think we should have more than one example like MUI does.

Reviewer: Ok let's leave it with multiple examples, looks like I'm in the minority here and it's mostly a matter of taste I guess :)

Author: Done

const Chip = React.memo(({ children, ...props }) => (
  <UIChip
    variant="outlined"
    className='u-mr-0 u-mb-0'
    size='small'
    children={children} {...props}
  />
))

const ChipImage = React.memo(({ src }) => (
  <img className='u-mr-half' src={src} height='50%' />
))

const compositeStyle = {
  boxShadow: '0 0 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',
  boxSizing: 'border-box', 
}

const CompositeImage = () => (
  <Circle backgroundColor='var(--melon)'>
    <Icon icon='wallet' />
  </Circle>
)

const Amount = () => (
  <Bold tag='span'>12,15€</Bold>
)

const onDotsClick = () => { alert('clicked dots !')}
const Dots = () => (
  <Icon className="u-c-pointer" color="var(--coolGrey)" icon="dots" onClick={onDotsClick}/>
)

const Chips = () => (
  <Bd className='u-row-xs'>
    <Chip>
      <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
    </Chip>
    <Chip>
      <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
    </Chip>
  </Bd>
)

const Actions = ({ extraInformation }) => (
  <Media>
    <Bd className='u-row-xs'>
      <Chip>
        <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
      </Chip>
      <Chip>
        <ChipImage src={fnacLogoURL} /> Fnac
      </Chip>
    </Bd>

>     { extraInformation ? <Shrink><Caption>Coucou ca va bien ?</Caption></Shrink> : null }

Author: ```suggestion
    { extraInformation ? <Shrink><Caption>Extra information to the right of the card</Caption></Shrink> : null }
```
